docs: use towncrier for changelogs (#600)
DisnakeDev/disnake: changes/583.breaking.rst

> Updated :class:`ModalInteraction` typings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update :class:`ModalInteraction` typings.
```

> Removed ``ModalInteraction.walk_components`` and replaced it with :meth:`ModalInteraction.walk_raw_components`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove ``ModalInteraction.walk_components`` and replace it with :meth:`ModalInteraction.walk_raw_components`
```
